>> Steve Kinney: All right, so let's try
to implement the ability to remove one,
as well as the ability to toggle
it between the two lists.
So previously,
we added a remove method for
the individual item, and
that is a bound action, right?
So we can go item.remove, and it should
communicate back up to the list for
it to remove item and pass itself in.
So let's give it a shot and
see how it goes.
So we'll have the item being passed in.
What I'm just gonna try to do at this
point is I'm gonna say item.remove.
We'll hope for the best.
Assign a value we've never used.
That seems all fine so far.
>> Steve Kinney: Oop, let's see.
Remove item of undefined.
So this.list.
Let's check what we got.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's go
check out the item list.
Do pass.
This has to be one over.
>> Steve Kinney: Mea culpa on that one.
>> Steve Kinney: I can add it,
I can remove it.
I can add it, I can remove it,
let's implement, let's go for toggle.
You're ready?
All right, let's do it.
This is where I think this
stuff gets really exciting.
So for toggle, we're just gonna say,
action.bound toggle(),
and we'll return this.packed
equals the opposite of this.packed.
And we'll flip back over to that item
component, and we'll switch it with,
>> Steve Kinney: item.toggle.
>> Steve Kinney: So the item is passed in.
It works on itself.
It's not like we're
dispatching actions to a store.
The store changes a thing.
It's like, hey item, do your thing, right.
So now, we can say, hello.
And it switches between the list,
it's a list using computed properties.
So one of the items in the list changes,
that recomputes all the properties,
the observer notices that
the computer properties changed, and
it re-renders the DOM.
So let's take this
a little bit further now.
We'd love to get the filtering working.
So far we've adding,
we've got removing, we've got toggling.
It will be very cool to get
the filter to work as well.
So that's going to involve
a little bit of refactoring,
like we need to get these doing something.
>> Steve Kinney: I mean they work because
I'd say it works with them right now but
let's try to do a little bit better.
I would love for the list to be
able to keep track of all of this.
So what I'm gonna try to do is
let the list keep track of what
the search terms are, and
be able to figure this stuff out for us.
So let's go to the list.
>> Steve Kinney: And we're gonna,
cuz we can just like add the logic
to our data to our actual models.
Which in an NVC pattern is where
this stuff belongs, right?
The model should be able to manage what
the kind of state is in this case.
So we've got the ability to get
ourselves packed and unpacked items.
It would be kind of cool
to be able to say, hey,
can you keep track of what
the search terms are?
And we can argue if there should be
a smaller object that does this, but
let's do it here now and
then like refactor it in a little bit, or
probably not refactor it, but.
This isn't gonna be our bread and
butter application, so
we'll start out with a filter here,
for unpacked items.
We'll do one for packed items.
And so how do we tell what
the filtered items are?
Well we have the list of items,
we've also had the sublist of packed and
unpacked items.
We have this term, we can just compute it.
On the fly, if either one of these
changes, recompute the list.
So let's go do that, so we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: Filtered unpacked list,
does anyone like that one,
anyone have a better name.
>> Steve Kinney: And
that is going to be return
this.unpackedItems.filter
item.value.
So its name includes
this.unpackedItemsFilter.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, cool.
So we've got the ability to get
to filter the unpacked items.
And we'll filter the packed items.
>> Steve Kinney: And now really all
I need to do is update those strings.
Cuz if the strings get changed,
those'll recompute these filtered lists.
So what I'll do is I'll give myself
an action, cuz I wanna bind it,
I don't wanna make an anonymous
function every time.
I'm better than that.
>> Steve Kinney: Action.bound.
>> Steve Kinney: Update unpacked filter.
>> Steve Kinney: And that'll be,
that'll take the new text.
Let's say value.
Cuz it's gonna be an input field, so
we'll go with that.
And we'll just say that this.unpackeditems
filter now will equal the value.
And the same thing for packed.
Someone please keep an eye
on my capitalization.
All right so we have to update the pact.
Update the unpacked filter.
And those will change those as well.
So now the only thing
I've got to deal with is,
I can actually go back
into my application.
And,
>> Steve Kinney: The items
is in there right now, it's nested,
because we had to pass stuff down before.
And so I have this very generic items.
What I'm probably gonna do is
pull that out and change it.
Cuz I can make different choices,
cuz I can have everything
almost on a flat level.
So we don't need to worry
about stuff as much.
And so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna pull the filter out here.
>> Steve Kinney: From the filter.
So now I can use it here as well.
And let's make sure it's not
doubly in the items list now.
We also don't need all of this craziness,
because we are filtering ourselves,
so we'll get rid of that.
Like, that's not a responsibility
with you anymore.
We don't need any of this.
I'm just gonna pass in the item and
the key.
And we wanna be able to have
more control over this.
So I'm actually going
to let it be a child.
>> Steve Kinney: I could, however,
use the render props pattern if I wanna
do all sorts of different stuff in here.
There's a bunch of different, like,
options that I could do as well.
But I feel pretty good about this one,
he says.
All those are just never used,
things I'm removing so much code.
So much code.
So, let's go ahead and
we'll go back to application.
And this props to children, cool.
So, that'll be the items.
All right, I think I'm feeling
pretty good about this.
>> Steve Kinney: And so in here,
we'll just say, we'll give this a child.
>> Steve Kinney: And
it will take itemList.packedItems
>> Steve Kinney: Filter.
I don't like that I
don't have autoComplete.
So I gonna go
check that
file again.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll find out together.
So this will be the search
term that's passed in.
And we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: Update.
>> Steve Kinney: I'm just gonna go
ahead and look at this because again,
that lack of autoComplete
does not make me feel good.
>> Speaker 2: Filtered packed.
>> Steve Kinney: Look at that.
That's probably my issue right there.
Which is kind of.
So we got packed items, I've got filtered,
packed list, filtered unpacked list.
I think I said at one point,
be careful with my capitalization.
I'm gonna make a mistake.
See, I'm testing you, is the thing.
Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: Oops,
still got the same issue.
onChange is not a function.
That should be coming as the props and
filter 9.
>> Steve Kinney: So that's this onChange,
which is coming in from this.props, so
let's actually console.log this.props.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
And I'm also still gonna
go up that level and-
>> Speaker 2: So it's updatePackedFilter,
but not updated [INAUDIBLE]
>> Steve Kinney: So
I have updatePackedFilter,
and in my model,
I've switched it at one point,
so let's grab that.
updatePackedItemsFilter
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
we're changing it.
We just need to use a new version.
Cool, so I'm actually going to then,
because it's still the entire list.
We'll do the,
what is the name of that one from before?
We're now calling it
the filtered packed list.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, cool.
We got filtering working.
Yay, let's do the same thing for
the unpacked,
>> Steve Kinney: I think auto-complete is
failing me right now,
which makes me really sad.
So let's actually copy this entire
thing over, and we'll swap them out.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so this will now be unpacked,
unpacked, unpacked.
Maybe we'll even change
this one to unpacked.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
All right, we have the entire
application working except for
this mark all as packed.
But we could literally make
a mark all as packed button, and
just put a action on the item list
which is just gonna set them all,
tell each one to set them all to false.
And we'll have that entirely in place.
And let's actually do that real quick.
>> Steve Kinney: Mark all
of them as packed and
let's go ahead and
let's inject the store
into this one.
Cuz now we can use it from anywhere.
If we wanna move it to
a different part of the UI.
But I think a thing that we don't think
a lot about in the reaction pointer
hierarchy problem is like,
it's all great until design says,
can you move that over to the side bar?
[LAUGH] Right?
And then all of a sudden it's not because
it was deep in your commodity hierarchy.
If we kinda get it to
the point where it's isolated.
We can just literally move this
button anywhere in the UI, and
it's effectively gonna work.
So we'll inject the itemList.
>> Steve Kinney: And
this doesn't need any state,
because it has everything
that it needs in this case.
So we'll take the itemList,
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll return
>> Steve Kinney: A button.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll give it the class name fullwidth,
cuz I believe that's
what it has down there.
>> Steve Kinney: Mark all as packed.
I keep wanting to call
it mark all as read.
That's not what we're building right now.
Cool, and we'll say onClick.
>> Steve Kinney: itemList markAllAsPacked.
And we just need to create that,
>> Steve Kinney: On the itemList.
>> Steve Kinney: Bound markAllAsPacked
>> Steve Kinney: this.items.map
item.packed = false.
>> Steve Kinney: True
if we make it packed.
No we want them unpacked.
I marked all those packed,
so I mistyped this one.
So let's actually, I probably
mistyped it below, but good catch.
Be like
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
change that, yeah,
well I went whole hog on that one.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll use
this button down here.
>> Steve Kinney: I've unpacked.
We actually don't need this
onSubmit anywhere either.
I just need to finish
what we were doing here.
I feel like the highlighting
is getting slow.
Probably maybe it's just Visual Studio
code is getting a little tired here.
>> Steve Kinney: Mark them
all as unpacked, nope.
>> Speaker 2: Right there,
that doesn't return the item in your map.
>> Steve Kinney: Where?
>> Speaker 2: This map here.
>> Steve Kinney: Nice.
>> Speaker 2: You should return item.
>> Steve Kinney: I think I had a little
spoil with that syntax, right?
The automatic returns but
now when you're doing the assignments.
Yeah, well I'm seeing
the assignment doesn't return item.
So, we have to study it and
then return item.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
>> Steve Kinney: I can also use like
the spread operator and
just replace that value too.
But, let's not get fancy here.
>> Steve Kinney: Nope.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's see,
I'm also not convinced it was updated.
>> Steve Kinney: So we don't have
that event list in there happening.
Yep, because we didn't put it onClick.
But we should have it here.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.